#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kombu
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
asgiref==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels
    #   channels-redis
    #   django
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   redis
attrs==25.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
billiard==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
build==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
celery==5.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   flower
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
channels==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels-redis
channels-redis==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pip-tools
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cron-descriptor==2.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
diff-match-patch==20241021
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-import-export
django==5.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-ckeditor-5
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-filter
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-redis
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-extra-fields
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-spectacular-sidecar
django-celery-beat==2.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ckeditor-5==0.2.18
    # via -r requirements.in
django-debug-toolbar==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==25.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-gis
django-import-export==4.3.10
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-timezone-field==7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
django-treebeard==4.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-extra-fields
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-gis==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-extra-fields==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-nested-routers==0.95.0
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-spectacular-sidecar==2025.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-extra-fields
flower==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via -r requirements.in
humanize==4.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flower
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
jalali-core==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jdatetime
jdatetime==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
kombu==5.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
memory-profiler==0.61.0
    # via -r requirements.in
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels-redis
multidict==6.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
numpy==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   kombu
pandas==2.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-ckeditor-5
pip-tools==7.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.52
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click-repl
propcache==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
# psutil==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   memory-profiler
# psycopg==3.2.10
    # via -r requirements.in
# psycopg-pool==3.2.6
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-crontab==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   pandas
python-decouple==3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
python-ulid==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flower
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
qrcode==8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
redis==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   channels-redis
    #   django-redis
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.5
    # via -r requirements.in
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tablib==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-import-export
tornado==6.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flower
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiosignal
    #   anyio
    #   cron-descriptor
    #   psycopg
    #   psycopg-pool
    #   referencing
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   kombu
    #   pandas
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
whitenoise==6.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
